preixan the symmetric a printer of the point m
compared to central symmetry two mean among other things the contest and
so in the middle
of the same crime segment
besides his lack a straight
Going through
he pointed hannezo
then three from a counter
according to their problems
we trace to marco de serre on the other side of the point
who gives us as well
the point m crim
image of m it is estimated that center central why
we will now trace the asymmetry of the sell through the
central window are too big
for that we taking two points on poverty we will look for
the images of these two points
that's it for the first
a picture
for the second point now
these two images allow us to build
the symmetrical of the 3d
could notice that this straight and parallel
at 3d is one of the properties of central asymmetry that the image of a
right is a straight line parallel to it
we spent a little bit like the quadrilateral to die
by the central bank of his flock
for that we had the four capri images built
dd we start with the lighthouse point
so we hold his image that we will call
april group
we do the same with the point
so everyone at the point of crimes
so we could go on to build these premiums and prices
but we did a little differently
we are at the fact that the low point
premiums and located at mid-distance 2 euros
but gallas others my contract will be a definite asset like these
and as at every plant keep length we know that
the length at d will also be at length
at premium
bonuses and us - 6
bonus point
we do the same with the board we have known
at these premiums be equal
océ
and on the other hand as those who consume in clear the bearish segment
will be the same length as the segment
bonuses
and we get
point
it is not enough then to connect
at crime premium
bonuses these bonuses
these crimes of bonuses
bonuses after the flight
we held together the image
the quadrilateral we dropped from the foot